https://github.com/kitao/pyxel/blob/main/README.md#install-standalone-version 
이 링크 최대한 참조
대략적 개요 

Python 에서 pyxel import 해서 게임 만들기
1. 똥피하기 게임, 매 2초마다 캐릭터 있던자리에 똥 한개씩 설치, 
1-1. 똥을 관통해서 지나갈수 없고 
1-2. 똥에 닿으면 life count 1개 줄고. 

2. 100초 마다 능력을 사용
2-1. 스페이스 바를 누르면 능력 사용
2-2. 맵에 있는 똥 삭제 후 점수 증가 (전체 or 한개)

3. 능력이 충전되는 바 가 있어야함
3.1 마우스로 충전이 완료된 바 를 누르면 능력 사용 가능

4. 3가지의 랜덤 특수 아이템(30초 마다 랜덤한 장소에 생성)
4-1. Life count 1 증가
4-2. 특정 시간동안 무적+똥에 닿으면 똥 삭제
4-3. 투명(무적)

5. 방해물
5-1. 랜덤하게 등장하는 새
5-2. 랜덤한 방향으로 맵을 지나감
5-3. 처음엔 천천히 지나가지만 점점 빨리 지나가도록
5-4. 새와 캐릭터가 부딛히면 life count 1 감소


Start
Display the message “Press “Enter” to start the game”
After “Enter” is pressed, receive input value “name”, display “What is your name?”
When “Enter” is pressed, start the game
Character
Automatically generates obstacle on its current location every 2 seconds(default)
When “W” is pressed, move upward
When “S” is pressed, move downward
When ”A” is pressed, move left
When “D” is pressed, move right
Random obstacle
Random obstacles with a constant speed at random timing
Random obstacle disappears after it comes out
As time flows, the speed of the random obstacles will become faster.
Ability
Every 100 seconds, the ability can be used by pressing “Space Bar”
When “Space Bar” is pressed, remove all obstacles on the map
Score
Increase by 100 every 2 seconds
When the ability is used, remove all obstacles on the map and increase the score by 5000 
Score is accumulated on the upper left corner
LIfe count
3 lives(default)
Whenever the character contacted with the obstacles, deduct life by 1



Random Item
Item is generated on the random area every 30 seconds
3 types of item
Item that heals the character’s life by 1: If Character has already maximum amount of life, pass
Item that gives the character ability of erasing the obstacles
item that allows the character to become invisible in order to avoid obstacles.
Game Over
When life count is 0, display “Game Over”, and display “(name) scored (score)!!”
Move back to the Start function


필수로 들어가야하는것
Use random numbers 
Use lists 
Use multiple class definitions 
Use a method with arguments other than self 
Use key input
Use mouse cursor coordinates
There are 3 or more types of figures that move according to different rules. 


https://github.com/kenjifushida/python-dev/blob/main/w6_object/b_12_4.py 
예시 python pyxel game
